Backend Engineer View all jobs Backend Engineer Remote - United States Engineering Remote Full-time About Trojan Trading Trojan Trading is at the forefront of crypto trading technology. Trojan Trading is a non-custodial trading and data platform. It is a unified base of operations, a place where users retain custody of their funds, data is live and accurate, execution is nearly instant and accurately priced, charting is simple and powerful and where every market, no matter how new, is accessible. We've chosen to keep our team small, and bring together only the most exceptional talent in crypto. Why Join Us? At Trojan Trading, we’re pushing the boundaries of on-chain trading technology. Joining our team offers you the chance to work on products that already serve a large and active user base, collaborating with top-tier engineers in a fast-paced and dynamic environment. Working at Trojan Trading means having fast paced releases with your work being live in the hands of tens of thousands of users as soon as it’s complete. Role Overview We’re seeking a Backend Engineer with proven expertise in building scalable, high throughput and low latency microservices-based backends in TypeScript. The ideal candidate is a proactive and autonomous developer who thrives on tackling complex challenges and ideally shares a passion for on-chain trading. As backend developer you’ll operate within a flat team structure and build new innovative features and bring on improvements to current products. Key Responsibilities Backend Development : Design, develop, and maintain robust backend services using TypeScript (Bun.js framework) to support trading functionality, tools/analytics for traders, third-party integrations, and more. Collaborate Across Teams : Work closely with designers, product teams and users to align backend solutions with platform objectives. Performance Optimization : Ensure backend systems & database queries deliver top-tier speed for thousands of concurrent users without compromising on reliability. Code Quality : Uphold best practices by writing well-structured, efficient, and well-documented code. Problem Solving : Identify, debug, and resolve complex technical issues to maintain smooth platform operations. Requirements Technical Expertise : Proficiency in Node.js/Bun.js and TypeScript with 5+ years of experience in backend development. Proficiency with building robust and optimized API endpoints. Experience in building backend systems serving a significant user base concurrently. Autonomy : Proven ability to work independently while driving projects to completion. Team Collaboration : Strong communication skills to work effectively within a cross-functional team. Experience working within a mid-sized engineer team. Pride : We look for people who take deep pride and responsibility in the products they build. Crypto moves at breakneck speed, and only the most driven, fast-moving teams succeed. Nice-To-Haves Experience working on backend systems for crypto trading platforms, DeFi applications, or other data-heavy services. Passion or experience in on-chain trading; being a part-time trader on Solana is a plus. Strong command of Postgres and/or Clickhouse, including design and optimization for high-performance high-reliability use cases. What We Offer Remote Flexibility: Work from anywhere on your schedule. Challenging Projects: Solve complex problems with cutting-edge technology in the trading space. Impactful Role: Shape backend systems powering one of the largest trading platforms on the market and shaping the experience of tens of thousands of daily users. Collaborative Culture: Join a team that values innovation, efficiency, and collaboration. Compensation/Culture The overall market range for roles at Trojan Trading is typically $150k - $350k annually. This market range is based on total compensation. Trojan Trading has a culture that is built upon meritocracy, high-intensity output, and personal growth. Ready to apply? Powered by First name * Last name * Email * Resume * Click to upload or drag and drop here LinkedIn URL Location * Phone number X/Twitter account link Telegram handle Do you have previous experience supporting projects in the Solana ecosystem? If so, where? Compensation expectations GitHub link By applying you agree to Gem's terms and privacy policy . Save your info to apply to other roles faster & help employers reach you. Apply and save Apply without saving Req ID: R1