Position Description New Search Login Page Position Description Software Engineer - Travel Portfolio - Costco Travel Location Issaquah (Seattle), WA Order Number 10044~ # of openings 1 Apply Now Costco IT is responsible for the technical future of Costco Wholesale , the third largest retailer in the world with wholesale operations in fourteen countries. Despite our size and explosive international expansion, we continue to provide a family, employee centric atmosphere in which our employees thrive and succeed. This is an environment unlike anything in the high-tech world and the secret of Costco’s success is its culture. The value Costco puts on its employees is well documented in articles from a variety of publishers including Bloomberg and Forbes. Our employees and our members come FIRST. Costco is well known for its generosity and community service and has won many awards for its philanthropy. The company joins with its employees to take an active role in volunteering by sponsoring many opportunities to help others. Come join the Costco Wholesale IT family . Costco IT is a dynamic, fast-paced environment, working through exciting transformation efforts. We are building the next generation retail environment where you will be surrounded by dedicated and highly professional employees. Software Engineers perform development work across the technology stack (both front-end/back-end expertise). They are versatile in how they can add value, demonstrating the ability to manage the completion of projects that involve databases, backend services, or the development of front end applications. They should be able to demonstrate a strong understanding of emerging technologies to support the development of new solutions. Software Engineers understand the full technology stack and underlying applications, services, and databases in order to ensure optimal performance. As a Software Engineer your role will be the technical lead for one or more teams. This role requires deep technical expertise, domain proficiency, platform depth, and leadership. The individual in this role will coach and mentor engineers and developers to help them progress their technical knowledge and careers. Typical activities include leading requirements analysis, solution design, technical development, and process improvement coupled with the ability to drive efforts and solution improvements effectively. If you want to be a part of one of the worldwide BEST companies “to work for”, simply apply and let your career be reimagined. ROLE ● Oversees the technical design and development of in-house travel booking web applications based on the gathered requirements for multiple development teams. ● Leads and collaborates in planning, decomposing, and estimating new delivery work. ● Ensures solutions are secure, durable, scalable, flexible, and accessible; and proactively mitigates against production support issues. ● Demonstrates technical leadership to manage and provide multiple technical solutions; performs code reviews; establishes and enforces coding guidelines and best practices. ● Initiates and facilitates team meetings to socialize technical ideas; encourages a culture of technical excellence within the organization and identifies opportunities for adopting innovation. ● Understands implications of design and implementation choices and provides solutions. ● Manages concurrent projects and multiple competing priorities. ● Builds and maintains strong working relationships with team members. ● Provides coaching and mentoring to team members; shares information through documentation, workshops, etc. to drive operational efficiencies and technical growth within the team. ● Understands and escalates technical challenges with options and recommendations. ● Provides the team with solution recommendations and estimates for a given product/application. REQUIRED ● 7+ years’ experience with design and development of client/server and/or web based applications. ● 5+ years’ experience with core Java, Java EE technologies (Servlet and JSP). ● 5 + years’ experience working with relational databases (preferably MS-SQL Server and T-SQL). ● Good understanding and experience with SOAP and/or REST based Web services. ● Demonstrated track record of driving high-quality software design/implementation to production. ● Must be a quick learner with the ability to learn and incorporate new technologies and concepts. ● Self-motivated, dedicated, and driven to succeed. ● Able to easily shift focus with changing priorities. ● Good debugging, troubleshooting, and problem-solving skills. ● Excellent communication, collaboration, analytical, and problem-solving skills. Recommended ● Bachelor's degree, or the equivalent, in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field. ● A passion for being part of a team, willing to self-assess in order to continually find better ways to do things. ● Experience working in a Scrum/Agile environment. ● Excellent organizational skills. ● Travel industry knowledge. ● Proficient in Microsoft Workspace applications, including Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Teams. Required Documents ● Cover Letter ● Resume California applicants, please click here to review the Costco Applicant Privacy Notice. Pay Ranges: Level 3 - $130,000 - $160,000 We offer a comprehensive package of benefits including paid time off, health benefits - medical/dental/vision/hearing aid/pharmacy/behavioral health/employee assistance, health care reimbursement account, dependent care assistance plan, short-term disability and long-term disability insurance, AD&D insurance, life insurance, 401(k), stock purchase plan to eligible employees. Costco is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Costco is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or any other legally protected status. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or the recruiting process, please send a request to IT-Recruiting@costco.com If hired, you will be required to provide proof of authorization to work in the United States. Applicants and employees for this position will not be sponsored for work authorization, including, but not limited to H1-B visas . Back Share Apply Now